# eeg-cascaded-gan
[update if updating the abstract]

In today’s society, students are growing up with short attention spans, little motivation, and low productivity. Simultaneously, AI is continuing to take jobs from humans; in the future where humans may be producing less, they may face poverty or unemployment. To address this problem, my research focuses on addressing gaps within the neurofeedback loop, a critical part of neurotherapy which can rehabilitate one’s productivity and attention levels; specifically, analyzing electroencephalogram (EEG) data from users’ brains. With current technology, EEG decoders (which interpret EEG signals; is needed in neurofeedback loop) lack the training data required to adapt to multiple subjects or scenarios. Other researchers explore using Generative-Adversarial Networks (GANs) to generate artificial EEG data, subsequently finding success with training decoders on augmented (combination of artificial and real) data. However, due to the complex, multidimensional nature of EEG data,   many researchers have struggled to develop GANs that accurately represent these nuances. The goal of my project is to address this by developing a cascaded-GAN architecture that generates artificial EEG data; my application of this GAN involves leveraging its “stacked” nature to progressively generate certain dimensions of EEG data, ensuring the complex nature of EEG data is represented in artificial data. Utilizing the TorchEEG Python library and publicly available EEG datasets, I plan to create a four-step cascaded-GAN architecture that progressively constructs neural oscillations, spatial data, temporal data, and artifacts of EEG data. By creating this accurate artificial data, my research pushes improvements to EEG decoder accuracy, thus making neurotherapy/neurofeedback tools needed to improve attention or production usable in many everyday scenarios.
